the apprentice ni
hi people hello everyone I'm bea and you
I welcome my channel today
I bring a day and cool super simple
because yesterday he gave me to order my
wardrobe and I found a lot of
pants that I had already been given
to say or had given them to me and how
objectives because I do not put it on and I decided
cut them like this half medium because yes and
I said let's learn how to cut then
I started watching a lot of videos and
been watching how to make them have
shape the pants because to me that's
cut it so it fits you straight with
a few pilots like this hanging
I do not like anything but nothing at all
I wanted to encourage you to do
do it at home and if you do
You can tag a photo in both
twitter as an instagram or name me something
so that I see someone who loves you
because I 'm sure I'm sure that you
they know the same or better than because I am a
little disaster and how I have so many
I wanted to record after I did more fit to
from the pants that you are going to see
that is very summery but that with
any cousin a any little jacket
I hope
for when it starts to cool and
good without turning things around
let's go to it
well the first thing we have to do
is to find us a pair of trousers so we
spy chito I've taken it to me
loose of the hip but that is not me
fall and I've also taken it from shot mail
new great tony under what we're going to
do is stretch it very well that is not
no wrinkles or creases for
time to cut what the cut is what
as straight as possible we mark the length that
we want and we start cutting online
straight
do not worry about cutting it online
straight because the pants afterwards are not going to
stay like this
and once we have the first leg
what we are going to do is help us
in which we have already cut for the
second
what scissors did look for
cut well because the seams are
super difficult to cut are hard not
the following
and right now we have no cost in your
perfect use without any grace to me not
I like it sincerely
what we are going to do is go pulling
the white and blue videos especially
of the whites who are the most
they destroy they love or they go out
As we have cut, do not worry
because at the beginning it's a bit difficult
but once we have taken out some
few of us are going to help with a needle
to make the operation much more
easy
marmoset
and for the postures and to finish already
to take them out and lives we will take a
needle a pin
we are going to nail him more or less the width
that we want them to have the infinite and
we started to pull down
we're going to nail it according to the height
you want to say if you want more hilito
later you will have to put it from more
for inside what is true that
you will have to give many passes
especially with the seams we have to
help us with a needle or a pin
fat because it is very hard and it costs
quite destroy it but good with a
little patience gets
we cut the threads that we have left
very long and we do not like
and we start to mark how we want the
trousers so that he has his own
that they go longer more photo and for that reason
you have to do as a kind of
triangle we take it with some pins
to mark more or less where it is going
to stay
and now we only have to sew that neither
do not worry that it does not have to be
you do not need to be experts and that
you know that being super well the only thing
you have to do is give three stitches there
people who like to be very
loose and then simply with
that you pass a few times
both for the sewing inside and
outside it's going to be very loose if you
Like me what I like to see
more stuck to make it a bit more
formal so to speak, you have a little fun
more in class at various points of the
pants and ready
this is the result of my seen what
easy
I hope you liked it a lot and now
I leave you with the outfit many kisses
ah
do not
true